foreign
so we are going to talk about some of
linkedin's new features and we are going
to give you some thoughts on it in
addition to just trying to get you ahead
of the curve this is
something that was maybe released last
week but let's say I go and visit uh the
single Grain Company page so that's the
agency I have and you can actually
indicate if you are working somewhere
that you're interested in working at
single brain and the recruiters from
that company can actually see that
you're interested and they can reach out
to you and I think that's really
interesting yeah what's really cool
about this it'll help you recruit Talent
faster and less work right now the way
most people end up recruiting is they
either post job postings or they just
manually reach out to a lot of different
people but what's cool about linkedin's
latest feature is you can end up seeing
who's interested in your company and if
they're interested in working with you
you can start reaching back out to them
and you should have a much higher close
ratio and your recruiting process should
be more efficient you should save quite
a bit of time just a couple more things
to add here so collaborative articles so
for example Neil and I doing this
podcast is very much a collaboration in
March they dropped a new feature called
collaborative articles meaning that the
editorial team can collaborate with like
an AI and then they'll call like a AI
conversation starter or I can
collaborate with Neil as an example
they're just trying to catch up
ultimately with all the other Creator
tools out there if you think about
Instagram right now this is basic
example Eric and I can do a real
together and we can be both
collaborators in that which causes the
reels to get more reach so for example
Eric posted a real out of me as a
collaborator and I believe the real grew
in Impressions to like a hundred and
something thousand right 207
000 right now 207 000. so that was quite
a bit and when it started off it was
starting off small in the low thousands
it would have grown naturally either way
but it just grew much faster with
LinkedIn by them doing this it'll allow
where both Eric and I and whoever else
you collaborate with your profiles your
views your follower account your
engagement it should all increase and
this is great for marketers to leverage
yeah I'm just going to rip off a couple
other features here and we can we can go
on them so individuals now can message a
company page there are now personalized
writing suggestions for your profile or
your your job descriptions and you can
add skills to your about section that
doesn't seem that that new to me they're
adding more in terms of your content
performance you can see your top
performing posts you can see your
follower insights top demographics so
that's going to be helpful LinkedIn live
so that's that's been a thing for a
while newsletters has been a thing for a
while too but most people don't use it
and then there's audio events that's
kind of similar to drop in audio like a
Twitter spaces or like a clubhouse type
of thing so all in all they're adding a
lot more for creators and I believe
they're going to continue to add more
because they want to get more more mind
share more General reach from people
that are doing B2B stuff if you're gonna
take one thing away from this podcast
make sure if you're on LinkedIn you're
leveraging collabs collabs alone and
getting you more reach more views and
more followers also on your business
profile Pages start responding back to
people or replying back to people the
more you engage with people the better
of uh relationship you're going to end
up building with them which is going to
cause more conversions and sales those
are the two big takeaways there's a lot
of features that we talked about like
even like the recruiting one but what
you'll find is even like with recruiting
your best people that you tend to get
are the ones that you're doing outbound
with usually amazing uh Stellar a
players aren't looking for jobs enough
people hit them up on a regular basis
where they don't really have to go
browse for jobs
yep my take on this one is my challenge
to you all is for the next 30 days or so
try to post every single day to LinkedIn
and see what that yields you and see if
your reach grows how much it grows
exponentially and take a picture of it
tag us on social on either Instagram or
on Twitter tag both of us that is it for
today please don't forget to rate review
subscribe let us know what you think and
hit us on a YouTube as well and we will
see you tomorrow now if you have any
questions leave a comment below I'm here
to answer them and help you out if you
enjoyed the video like it share tell
people about it thank you very much